chore(docs) Resolve 'simple' style warnings where applicable (#46966)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/platform.mdx

sidebar_label: 'Overview'
---

> Supabase is a hosted platform that allows you to get started without needing to manage any infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supabase is a hosted platform to get you started without needing to manage any infrastructure yourself.
```

(Stylistic tweak that avoids some extra verbiage.)
